TINY-10249: avoid flickering when remove and put the editor back (#9064)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The dialog size was not updated when the `size` argument was changed when redialling a dialog. #TINY-10209
- Toggling a list that contains an LI element having another list as its first child would remove the remaining content within that LI element. #TINY-10213
- Custom block element wasn't considered block element in some cases. #TINY-10139

> - Using `render` with `async` makes editor's refresh slow causing a blink when the editor is removed and put back. #TINY-10249

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed use of `async` for editor rendering which caused visual blinking when reloading the editor in-place. #TINY-10249
```

Author: done
